The 2021 NBA draft is upon us and beginning to crystalize, with teams making final preparations for Thursday’s event. And while there’s a sense of which players will come off the board first, the prospect of trades in the lottery has continued to swirl. There’s still a great deal of intrigue and anticipation around the NBA going into draft night, and all the latest intel on all 30 first-round picks can be found here.

As always, this mock attempts to project what the draft might look like on a given day, and is based primarily off of my own intel and conversations with a range of executives, scouts, and others around the NBA. SI’s Top 80 draft board can be found here. Expect another update or two in the next few hours as things develop.

1. Pistons: Cade Cunningham, G, Oklahoma State

Height: 6’ 8” | Weight: 220 | Age: 19 | Freshman

Adrian Wojnarowski’s report Thursday afternoon confirmed the vast expectation that the Pistons will indeed select Cunningham at No. 1 tonight. There has never been much reason to expect the contrary, and barring an unexpected trade, Cunningham will land in Detroit.

As previously reported here, this was not an easy decision process for the Pistons. There was real disagreement within the Pistons’ brain trust surrounding which player to select, league sources say. Detroit always viewed the top pick as a three-player conversation that included Evan Mobley and Jalen Green. It’s unclear which of Mobley and Green had more traction internally, but the strong feeling among rival teams was that Detroit went through a legitimate, prolonged decision process.

Hypothetically, only two teams can draw up a Hail Mary to try and tempt the Pistons: the Rockets and Thunder. But Houston is thought to be content to draft Jalen Green at No. 2. And it’s fair to say that the entire NBA is suspicious of Oklahoma City right now, although it’s considered more feasible that they make a play for Cleveland’s pick at No. 3. There’s not much time left for a deal to materialize, but it’s not totally out of the question.

Regardless, Cunningham has won at every stop, and with a malleable, intelligent approach to scoring and playmaking, he’ll become the No. 1 pick for good reason.

2. Rockets: Jalen Green, SG, G League Ignite

Height: 6’ 5” | Weight: 185 | Age: 19 | Freshman

No surprises here: as previously reported here, league sources view Green as an essential lock to Houston at No. 2. He worked out for the Rockets in the days prior to the draft, and a mutual comfort level has formed between the two sides. Houston explored trading the pick, but settled on Green, with the matchmaking process aided by the fact he was the only projected top pick to work out for the Rockets. Another notable tidbit: sources say Green has built a friendship with Rockets guard Kevin Porter Jr., dating back to their time in the G League bubble, which should inspire at least some level of confidence that their similar styles of play can coexist. Green has major upside as a scorer, and has been viewed as the Rockets’ preferred choice dating back to lottery night. Houston will take a big swing on him here.

3. Cavaliers: Evan Mobley, F/C, USC

Height: 7’ 0” | Weight: 215 | Age: 20 | Freshman

In the past 24 hours, it’s begun to feel more like this pick could move, with increasing chatter that the Cavs could be tempted to make a trade. Mobley’s presumptive availability on the clock has created a swell of interest in the pick, with rival teams heavily speculating on the Thunder as a threat to move up here. While the likelihood of a trade actually materializing for Cleveland isn’t fully clear yet, their asking price is thought to be quite high. If there’s no trade, the Cavaliers are prepared to draft Mobley on Thursday night, and there are many around the league who view him as a No. 1 pick-worthy talent.

Mobley projects as a low-maintenance, high-impact performer and potential franchise centrepiece, and skilled, two-way bigs of his ilk don’t come around often. He’s not a perfect fit with restricted free agent center Jarrett Allen, whom the Cavs appear invested in long-term, but there’s some belief they can play together, at least for now. The prospect of drafting Mobley raises the question of whether Cleveland can realistically carry Allen, Kevin Love and Larry Nance on the team next season. On the flip side, passing on Mobley purely because of that logjam would be a mistake.

4. Raptors: Jalen Suggs, G, Gonzaga

Height: 6’ 4” | Weight: 205 | Age: 20 | Freshman

It’s still unclear exactly what the Raptors will do here, with some talk going around that they are strongly considering Scottie Barnes in addition to Suggs, who has been lightly pencilled in here by a majority of the NBA for most of the last month. It’s been circulating that Suggs had an underwhelming workout in Toronto last week, which has contributed to some of the external second-guessing around the selection. But Suggs is still viewed by most as the most appealing prospect on the board at No. 4, and an excellent fit in Toronto.

The Raptors may not overcomplicate this, although the possibility of a trade remains. Sources say Toronto has continued listening to offers here. They are known to be interested in remaking the roster this summer, and their front office is generally opportunistic. They have primarily been linked to Jonathan Kuminga and James Bouknight in trade-back scenarios.

5. Magic: Scottie Barnes, F, Florida State

Height: 6’ 8” | Weight: 225 | Age: 19 | Freshman

Unless Barnes comes off the board at No. 4 to Toronto or another team that trades up, it’s not an exaggeration to say that pretty much the entire NBA thinks the Magic will take him here. The vibe from rival teams has coloured this selection as something of a poorly-kept secret at this point. While Barnes doesn’t boast the type of scoring ability traditionally found in top-five selections, his range of impressive intangibles, elite passing skills and defensive acumen have built a convincing case. He would be a strong match for the Magic, possessing the length and versatility that fits their traditional draft ethos, and a galvanizing personality that could help stabilize their young locker room.

6. Thunder: James Bouknight, SG, UConn

Height: 6’ 5” | Weight: 190 | Age: 20 | Sophomore

Rival teams are watching the Thunder with intense suspicion as the draft draws closer, the hunch being Oklahoma City may be able to pull off a trade into the top four. Nobody knows exactly what Sam Presti wants to do, but he has enough future picks to get wherever he wants in the draft, depending on how badly he wants to get there. It’s been presumed that the Thunder would target Evan Mobley if they were able to make it up to No. 3. Oklahoma City could also still make a play for No. 1, with Detroit not fully settled on that pick. Still, for now, much of this remains speculative. And rival teams generally agree that Bouknight and Jonathan Kuminga are the two players most likely in the mix here if the Thunder stand pat.

Bouknight gets the nod in this scenario, as arguably the draft’s most polished scorer and a potential high-impact addition. He’s shown real imagination finishing in the paint and creating shots, and teams expect he’ll be more than adequate as a jump shooter. In addition to the Thunder, he’s believed to be strongly in play for the Warriors.

7. Warriors (from Timberwolves): Jonathan Kuminga, F, G League Ignite

Height: 6’ 8” | Weight: 220 | Age: 18

Barring any trades among the first six picks, this is the first big swing spot in the draft. There’s been a lot of chatter about what the Warriors will do, with all four of Kuminga, James Bouknight, Josh Giddey and Franz Wagner viewed as real options. It’s also possible Golden State trades back, with Memphis tipped as a potential trade partner coming up from No. 10. In this scenario, the Warriors take the biggest upside swing and walk away with Kuminga, targeting a more NBA-ready player with their second lottery pick.

Kuminga remains one of the higher-upside talents in the class, with elite athletic tools and coordination at his size, but concerns over his ball-dominant style of play, jump shot and NBA readiness have contributed to the shift in perception. League sources say Kuminga has struggled to gain traction during the predraft process, and rival teams continue to speculate how far he might slip—but a fall out of the top ten would still be a surprise.

8. Magic (from Bulls): Franz Wagner, SF, Michigan

Height: 6’ 9” | Weight: 220 | Age: 19 | Sophomore

This Orlando pick has also been a bit tricky to project, given that there’s not necessarily a natural fit for their roster among the prospects available. Orlando can theoretically pick from the wings available here, with Wagner, Moses Moody and Ziaire Williams among those linked. If Jonathan Kuminga were to fall here, rival teams believe the Magic could opt to pass. Orlando could potentially move back off this pick for the right offer, but the asking price is thought to be quite high.

Wagner has had a bit of a mysterious pre-draft process, as he opted out of the combine and has conducted workouts quietly, but is expected to come off the board in the Top 10. The word is that he did work out for the Magic. His well-rounded game has made him a popular commodity, with a mature approach on offence that isn’t predicated on volume shooting to add value. He’s an excellent team defender with the size to match up on a range of personnel. He’d be a nice match here as the Magic reimagine their roster, capable of playing either forward spot and fitting into a wide range of lineups.

9. Kings: Alperen Sengün, F/C, Besiktas (Turkey)

Height: 6’ 10” | Weight: 240 | Age: 19 | Freshman

Over the past several days, the Kings have been constantly linked to Sengün, whose impressive production as in Turkey will be particularly appealing to their analytic-driven front office, with his combo of youth and counting stats likely to project well. Sacramento has also frequently been tied to Franz Wagner, but is viewed as willing to think outside the box a bit, and Wagner could be off the board before this. The Kings badly need interior help of any kind, with the jury still out on Marvin Bagley and Richaun Holmes headed for free agency.

The question how much a post-centric prospect like Sengün is worth in today’s NBA: he’s already a statistical outlier, but only the most dominant interior players justifiably command high-end usage. Concerns about his ability to protect the basket persist. But with terrific finishing skills and passing vision, Sengün is a lottery-level talent, though not a fit for every team’s style of play.

10. Grizzlies: Josh Giddey, G, Adelaide 36ers (Australia)

Height: 6’ 8” | Weight: 205 | Age: 18

The Grizzlies acquired this pick from the Pelicans on Monday in a still-pending trade that saw them take on the unwanted contracts of Eric Bledsoe and Steven Adams, in order to move up from No. 17. League sources say Memphis continues to try and trade higher, and is rumoured to be angling for Golden State’s pick at No. 7. The two players most frequently linked to Memphis are Josh Giddey and Wagner—both of whom could be trade-up targets—but in this scenario, Giddey makes it down the board.

Giddey would give the Grizzlies another talented playmaker to take pressure off Ja Morant. He’s one of the draft’s best passers and has improved his jumper to a workable level over the past year. With exceptional feel for the game and a productive year in Australia under his belt, Giddey is extremely advanced for a teenager, and doesn’t turn 19 until October. His strengths feel translatable into a useful bench role at worst, with his height and smarts enabling him to play all over the floor. He could go as high as No. 7 to Golden State.

11. Hornets: Kai Jones, F/C, Texas

Height: 6’ 11” | Weight: 220 | Age: 20 | Sophomore

Per sources, Jones worked out twice for the Hornets, who have an obvious need for a young big and have frequently been connected as their choice here. His potential to knock down jumpers, finish lobs and protect the paint—coupled with unusual athletic gifts and skill flashes—make him one of the higher-upside options on the board in this part of the lottery. He was never an especially consistent producer at Texas, and will still be very much a project for whoever drafts him. The Hornets can give him time to figure things out and experiment, and his defensive versatility makes him pretty appealing here.

12. Spurs: Moses Moody, SG, Arkansas

Height: 6’ 6” | Weight: 205 | Age: 19 | Freshman

As previously reported here, the Spurs have angled to move up in the draft and into the top 10. It’s worth noting they have historically been content to stand pat on draft night. The Spurs have spent the past few years developing their young perimeter players, and Keldon Johnson in particular looks like a keeper, but it’s been rumoured that they aren’t necessarily attached at the hip to players like Dejounte Murray and Lonnie Walker. In this scenario they go best-available and select Moody, whose range begins at No. 8 and ends at No. 15 or so.

Moody is a potentially high-level shooter, and profiles well as a no-frills 3-and-D wing. His lack of explosiveness and creativity off the dribble ties his upside primarily to his jumper, and his youth makes him a better fit for teams that can be patient. But he has a number of fans around the league, and his stock seems to have solidified in the lottery.

13. Pacers: Corey Kispert, SF, Gonzaga

Height: 6’ 7” | Weight: 220 | Age: 22 | Senior

The Pacers have fielded calls from multiple teams looking to acquire a lottery pick, but have thus far turned those attempts away, league sources say. Indiana is looking to improve, not rebuild, and have mostly been linked to more experienced prospects, including Kispert, Davion Mitchell and Chris Duarte. Kispert is one of the draft’s elite shooters, with enough size and complementary skills to hold his own, and a natural replacement for free agent Doug McDermott. While not a creative player nor an upside pick, he’s viewed as a strong plug-and play fit. His range starts with Charlotte at No. 11, and runs into the teens.

14. Warriors: Davion Mitchell, G, Baylor

Height: 6’ 1” | Weight: 205 | Age: 22 | Junior

Golden State has been tied to Mitchell throughout the process, and it seems he could be available to them here, particularly if the Pacers go in a different direction. Presuming the Warriors take a younger player at No. 7, logic suggests they look for more immediate rotation help at No. 14, with Chris Duarte and Trey Murphy believed to be in the mix. Mitchell is thought to have strong support from the Warriors’ coaching staff. Teams have been a bit cooler on Mitchell than the public discourse for much of the season, with his age, size, and limited resumé as a shooter pushing him down into this part of the draft. But he’s been a late bloomer, and his intangibles, work ethic, defensive toughness, and developing offensive game are still highly enticing, and would fit well here in a situation where he’s not tasked with too much playmaking responsibility right away.

15. Wizards: Chris Duarte, SG, Oregon

Height: 6’ 6” | Weight: 190 | Age: 24 | Senior

Duarte has been one of the hot names on the morning of the draft, and is likely to come off the board in the 13-15 range. He’s been tipped as a trade-up target for teams, with the Knicks most frequently mentioned as a suitor.

Many around the NBA believe Washington may be Duarte’s floor on draft night, giving them another tall, skilled option for their rotation. Duarte is one of the oldest players in the draft, but his reliability, shooting, and well-rounded game are big draws, and he has a chance to come off the board in the late lottery. The Wizards’ direction with this pick may be shaped by any developments with Bradley Beal this week, but he has yet to request a trade, and Washington’s focus has been on staying competitive. Duarte doesn’t profile as a star, but checks both boxes in the sense that he can offer positional cover for Beal in the short and long term. He had a terrific season at Oregon, emerging as a prolific shooter and reliable defender, and interested teams have been willing to overlook his age.

16. Thunder (from Celtics): Keon Johnson, SG, Tennessee

Height: 6’ 5” | Weight: 185 | Age: 19 | Freshman

It remains unclear whether the Thunder will use these picks in the teens, one or both of which could create a path to acquiring a second lottery pick. Oklahoma City will have attractive options if they decide to stay put. Johnson is in play all over the 11-20 range, and fits the bill as another high-upside project for the Thunder. He’s one of the best athletes in the draft, but underwhelming measurements at the combine and concerns about his jumper and ball skills have hurt his stock a bit. Johnson needs to refine his offensive game, but has better feel than a typical project wing, and a tough, defensive-oriented mindset that could expedite his pathway to useful minutes.

17. Pelicans: Trey Murphy, F, Virginia

Height: 6’ 9” | Weight: 205 | Age: 21 | Junior

The Pelicans will acquire this pick from the Grizzlies in a multi-player deal designed to free up major salary cap flexibility. Rival teams believe New Orleans is open to trading this pick and moving back again, with interest in improving their rotation and pushing for the playoffs. Staying on this pick keeps the Pelicans in a desirable range to add another young piece to their supporting cast. Murphy’s size and consistent jumper make him a strong fit. Murphy isn’t a great ballhandler or creative passer, but has a good sense of his own strengths and weaknesses and shouldn’t be a major liability. There’s upside if his athletic ability plays up higher than expected on defence.

18. Thunder (from Heat): Ziaire Williams, SF, Stanford

Height: 6’ 9” | Weight: 185 | Age: 19 | Freshman

Williams has been a tricky player to place throughout the process, with interest as high as Orlando at No. 8 and further down in the lottery. He feels like more of a trade-back candidate in this range, however. He helped himself with the predraft process by showcasing his shooting and ball skills in workouts, and measured well at the combine, renewing his perception as an upside pick. Williams’ combination of positional height, skill level, and shooting ability has always been tantalizing for scouts, but questions surrounding his injury history and lack of consistency dating back to high school persist. As a skilled wing with legit size, he remains appealing from a development perspective if a team can inherit the risk.

19. Knicks: Isaiah Jackson, C, Kentucky

Height: 6’ 10” | Weight: 205 | Age: 19 | Freshman

As previously reported, the Knicks have made attempts to trade as high as the late lottery, according to league sources, but have thus far been rebuffed. Rival teams believe New York’s target is Chris Duarte, which would require a move into the 13-15 range. While they can offer picks 19, 21, and 32 to get where they want, it’s unclear whether Knicks are willing to put all three selections on the table to make that happen.

There has been no team and prospect more heavily linked behind the scenes during this draft cycle than Jackson and the Knicks. The Kentucky product has deep ties to the organization, and rumours of mutual interest between them have been persistent. He was thought to be a possible trade-up target for New York, but it’s begun to look more likely he’ll be on the board by the time the Knicks select. While Jackson is inarguably raw and not particularly skilled, he’s an exceptional athlete, and flashed enough intriguing things during the season to solidify first-round interest. The hope is that he’ll will emerge as a rim-running center who protects the basket, but he’s not particularly reliable yet. He’s an acquired taste for some scouts, who question his offensive acumen and feel, but he’d be a depth piece with upside here, and could eventually supplant Mitchell Robinson.

20. Hawks: Cameron Thomas, SG, LSU

Height: 6’ 4” | Weight: 210 | Age: 19 | Freshman

The Hawks appear focused on perimeter help here, with Tony Snell and Lou Williams coming off the books and creating a lack of depth behind Trae Young and Kevin Huerter. A move here is also possible: sources say Atlanta has made Cam Reddish available, and the Hawks are also believed to be open to trading back.

Thomas’s inflexible, shoot-first approach has made him a divisive player in front offices, but he’s one of the more consistent and accomplished scorers in the draft. The questions here revolve around his playstyle, and his general disinterest in defence and sharing the ball. But there’s some thought that he might fit nicely as an extra scorer on a team with an established pecking order. It will fall on Thomas to become a more malleable player in the long run, but his production is hard to knock, and he’ll have easier shots coming his way playing off the ball on a good team, in theory.

21. Knicks (from Mavericks): Bones Hyland, SG, VCU

Height: 6’ 3” | Weight: 165 | Age: 20 | Sophomore

The Knicks could look at a guard here if they keep this pick, with Hyland tabbed as a possibility for them. One of the winners of the pre-draft process, Hyland appears likely to come off the board in the 18-25 range. He gathered steam with a terrific showing at the draft combine and has impressed with his shooting skills, putting him in play higher than this. While he’s quite slender for an NBA two-guard, his ability to make tough shots is hard to find, and has helped separate him from the large pack of guards in the late first round. While his game is not the most diverse, Hyland is viewed as a potentially valuable bench scorer, and teams value his ability to create his own shot.

22. Lakers: Usman Garuba, F/C, Real Madrid (Spain)

Height: 6’ 8” | Weight: 230 | Age: 19

The Lakers figure to be in the market for immediate help with this pick, and are expected to exhaust all avenues to reshaping the roster this summer. Due to the financial constraints created by their current contract situation, expect L.A. to explore trade packages involving this selection, potentially designed to shed salary. It won’t be surprising if another team makes this selection.

Teams are all over the board on Garuba, who has one of the most intriguing defensive profiles in the draft, but is lagging behind in terms of ball skills at this point, leading to questions over what his eventual role might be on the offensive of the floor. He’s experienced and legitimately versatile on defence, and a worthy flier, but will need to be deployed creatively. His range starts around No. 18 and runs into the 20s, where he could be a strong value pick for someone.

23. Rockets (from Blazers): Jalen Johnson, F, Duke

Height: 6’ 9” | Weight: 220 | Age: 19 | Freshman

This would be something of a fall for Johnson, who entered the year projected as a lottery pick, but has gained little traction over the course of the predraft process and team interviews. He’s a very intriguing upside pick if he slides, as it’s difficult to find players with his blend of size, ball skills, and passing vision. Johnson has his warts, particularly his inconsistent jumper, but any slide in the draft will primarily be indicative of how teams chose to weight the background intel from his high school and college careers. His body of work at Duke was brief, limited and inconsistent. Johnson remains an appealing reclamation project, with a pretty clear pathway to an NBA role if things break correctly, but it’s been tough to find scouts who feel confident in him reaching his potential.

It’s generally expected that the Rockets will make a move involving one or both of their selections in the 20s, but the availability of a player like Johnson, who was originally projected to go much higher, could make them think hard. Houston has traditionally prioritized talent and upside over all else.

24. Rockets (from Bucks): Day’Ron Sharpe, C, North Carolina

Height: 6’ 11” | Weight: 265 | Age: 19 | Freshman

Houston has made this pick available, sources say, so it may be another team drafting here. Sharpe’s strong predraft process could culminate with him coming off the board earlier than expected. He’s been tipped as a possible trade-back target for late-lottery teams, and seems likely to land in the first round. Sharpe has largely been terrific on the workout circuit, having improved his conditioning, shot the ball surprisingly well, and impressed in interviews. He has the makings of a reliable role player in the long run, with his ceiling tied to his offensive development and potential as a passer. While not supremely athletic or skilled as a scorer, Sharpe is a highly competitive, high-effort rebounder with more upside than most traditional centers in his mould.

25. Clippers: Miles McBride, PG, West Virginia

Height: 6’ 2” | Weight: 200 | Age: 20 | Sophomore

The Clippers have primarily been linked to guards at this spot, but have needs across the board, and have consistently valued toughness and feel in their role players. McBride is thought to be in the mix for them, and has earned fans around the league with his toughness, on-ball defence and shotmaking skills. It looks like he’ll come off the board in the 25-32 range. McBride has off-the-charts length and a reliable pull-up jumper that gives him a little more to offer than your typical defensive-minded college guard. Optimistic scouts think he has the chops to anchor bench units, and McBride’s poised, no-frills game would fit in Brooklyn.

26. Nuggets: Joshua Primo, SG, Alabama

Height: 6’ 5” | Weight: 190 | Age: 18 | Freshman

Denver has traditionally been content to grab whoever falls to them in the 20s, and should be in position to do that here, with a range of quality guards likely available. After a strong showing at the combine and impressive pre-draft process behind closed doors, Primo now looks like a lock to land somewhere in the first round, with his range beginning in the late teens and running down into the 20s. He’s demonstrated a more diverse offensive game than he showed in a spot-up role at Alabama, with combo guard skills and an impressive level of poise and focus. The fact he’s the youngest draft-eligible prospect adds a layer of appeal as a long-term project, and he’s in the mix for teams that can afford to be patient. Primo has starter-level upside in the long run.

27. Nets: Quentin Grimes, SG, Houston

Height: 6’ 5” | Weight: 210 | Age: 21 | Junior

Like most of the selections in the 20s this year, this Nets pick is viewed as one that could change hands. Rival teams believe Landry Shamet is a trade candidate here, and potentially a means for Brooklyn to move up in the draft. Grimes was one of the biggest winners at the combine and has played his way into late first-round consideration, with a well-rounded perimeter game and strong intangibles that have earmarked him as a potential role player. Grimes reinvented himself at Houston as a ball-moving, complementary jump shooter, and plays with a level of maturity and confidence that should endear him to playoff teams in this part of the draft.

28. 76ers: J.T. Thor, PF, Auburn

Height: 6’ 9” | Weight: 205 | Age: 18 | Freshman

Thor has intrigued teams in workouts with his exceptional length and potential to shoot the ball reliably, and has an interesting profile as a stretch big. He’d be an interesting target in this part of the draft for a team willing to take on a project, without much history of consistent production, but enough of a skill set to have real appeal in the 20s.

Daryl Morey has never been particularly attached to his draft picks, and history suggests the Sixers will entertain trade offers here, making it an interesting spot for another team to grab a player who unexpectedly slips to the back of the first round.

29. Suns: Tre Mann, G, Florida

Height: 6’ 4” | Weight: 190 | Age: 20 | Sophomore

The Suns have valued prospects with multiple years of college experience in recent years, and Mann fits that bill here as an upside play. Backcourt depth may be an area for them to address here, with Chris Paul at the back end of his career

Teams generally expect Mann to come off the board somewhere the 20s, and he accepted a number of workouts in this range of the draft late in the process, indicating a degree of need to try and lock in a floor. Mann is a skilled ballhandler with a quality jumper and good size for his position. But the knock on him is that he’s a bit one-dimensional, as he’s more scorer than setup man, doesn’t play a physical style and isn’t known for being a committed defender. Still, there’s nice upside here if his offensive skill package clicks.

30. Jazz: Jaden Springer, G, Tennessee

Height: 6’ 4” | Weight: 205 | Age: 18 | Freshman

The Jazz are reportedly looking to move off salary, and could attach this pick to an unwanted contract in a trade that would further that pursuit. Springer is another tough player to find a spot for right now, but he has interest all over the first round, and his range begins in the late teens. He’s a favourite of analytically-driven front offices, and the fact he’s still 18 and viewed as more of a long-term prospect will make him more appealing in some places than others. Not every playoff-bound team will rush to select a teenager. But Springer does have real upside, and could be a trade target for teams if he begins to slip into the 20s. He battled injuries during a productive freshman year, and projects as a solid defender with an unorthodox but effective floor game. He’s still one of the more divisive players in the class, as scouts remain split on where his upside lies.

SECOND ROUND

31. Bucks (from Rockets): Ayo Dosunmu, G, Illinois

32. Knicks (from Pistons): Sharife Cooper, PG, Auburn

33. Magic: Josh Christopher, SG, Arizona State

34. Thunder: Jared Butler, PG, Baylor

35. Pelicans (from Cavs): Joel Ayayi, G, Gonzaga

36. Thunder (from Wolves): Isaiah Todd, PF, G League Ignite

37. Pistons (from Raptors): Jeremiah Robinson-Earl, PF, Villanova

38. Bulls (from Pelicans): Jason Preston, PG, Ohio

39. Kings: Kessler Edwards, F, Pepperdine

40. Grizzlies (from Bulls): Rokas Jokubaitis, PG, Zalgiris

41. Spurs: Juhann Begarin, SG, Paris Basket

42. Pistons (from Hornets): BJ Boston, SG, Kentucky

43. Pelicans (from Wizards): Joe Wieskamp, SG, Iowa

44. Nets (from Pacers): Charles Bassey, C, Western Kentucky

45. Celtics: Austin Reaves, G, Oklahoma

46. Raptors (from Grizzlies): Aaron Wiggins, SG, Maryland

47. Raptors (from Warriors): Herbert Jones, F, Alabama

48. Hawks (from Heat): David Johnson, G, Louisville

49. Nets (from Hawks): AJ Lawson, G/F, South Carolina

50. 76ers (from Knicks): Aaron Henry, SG, Michigan State

51. Pelicans (from Blazers): Duane Washington, SG, Ohio State

52. Pistons (from Lakers): RaiQuan Gray, F, Florida State

53. 76ers (from Mavericks): Jericho Sims, C, Texas

54. Pacers (from Bucks): Amar Sylla, F, Oostende

55. Thunder (from Nuggets): Santi Aldama, F, Loyola (MD)

56. Hornets (from Clippers): Neemias Queta, C, Utah State

57. Hornets (from Nets): Greg Brown, F, Texas

58. Knicks (from 76ers): Filip Petrusev, C, Mega Basket

59. Nets (from Suns): Vrenz Blijenbergh, F, Antwerp

60. Pacers (from Jazz): Sam Hauser, F, Virginia