The chatter inherent in this week on the NBA calendar — the days leading up to the draft, a week or so before free agency — is as loud as ever.

Big trades, the draft (with teams looking to move up, down or completely out), rumours and innuendo, misdirection and misinformation. Every player looks good, everyone’s a good fit for any number of teams, all the talk one could imagine.

But what’s talked about and reported and what actually happens are often entirely different things, a fact that should not be lost as we await Thursday night’s draft in Brooklyn.

The Raptors have the No. 4 pick, and while it’s generally conceded that Oklahoma State guard Cade Cunningham will be the No. 1 selection — by Detroit or Houston, no one can be sure — there will be options for Toronto. Some will depend on what the teams picking before them do, but here are four distinct possibilities:

EVAN MOBLEY

There is often a debate around NBA draft selections, especially near the top: Should you take the best player available, or fill a specific roster need?

But what if a team is able to do both with one pick?

It may be far-fetched, and it will have everything to do with what teams around them do, but the Raptors could very well get the best player and plug a gaping hole in the current roster if things fall their way.

Mobley, the 20-year-old centre from USC, checks all the boxes for the Raptors — who, at No. 4, have their highest pick in a decade and a half.

He’s an agile, if slight, seven-footer with solid ball handling skills and the defensive mobility to step out and check guards on the perimeter.

For a Raptors team that’s built upon interchangeable bits and without a centre under contract for next season, the native of San Diego would be an absolutely perfect fit should he fall to No. 4.

That’s the big concern, of course. Teams picking ahead of Toronto — Detroit, Houston and Cleveland — have to be equally enamoured of Mobley’s skills, and it’s hard to find a legitimate mock draft anywhere that has Mobley falling to fourth.

If he does, though? Oh boy, the Raptors should jump all over the selection.

The flaws in Mobley’s game are predictable for someone so young and so light — listed at just 215 pounds.

He’s not a dominant post player by any stretch — his rebounding could be more physical and more consistent — but he’s still a kid growing into his body and learning how to play the game. In Toronto’s system with an emphasis on skill development, he could thrive.

“They’re a good player development organization,” Mobley said of the Raptors during a virtual media session Friday. “When players get there they get better, and it’s a great city and all that. I feel like, overall, there are a lot of different teams that have that aspect and Toronto is definitely a good team that does a lot of player development.”

Mobley is most often compared to Chris Bosh, high praise indeed seeing how the fourth pick in the 2003 draft became a Hall of Famer and helped revolutionize the role of frontcourt players in today’s NBA.

Showing a startlingly high level of confidence in himself, Mobley said in that media session that he does not want to be pigeonholed by any comparisons.

“I think I’ll be a generational player that no one has seen before,” he said. “I’m going to keep working and stay in the gym until I get there.”

The best-case scenario for the Raptors would be if that gym is their OVO Centre.

It’s not often a team can get the best player and best fit in one fell swoop. It’s a longshot, but one fans should hope for.

JALEN GREEN

Who doesn’t like an athletic, dynamic guard with proven scoring ability, tremendous athleticism and a game with plenty of room for development?

No one, that’s who.

It’s why Green, the six-foot-six combo guard who spent last season with the G League Elite team, seems to be rocketing up the mock draft charts after he appeared to be the Raptors’ most likely choice when the process began.

The 19-year-old is intriguing to Houston with the No. 2 pick, as the Rockets look for a James Harden-type replacement. If Cleveland (with the third pick) moves off either guard Collin Sexton or Darius Garland, however, the possibility exists that Green will be gone before the Raptors make their selection.

That’s not a big problem for a Toronto team that needs more help at the two forward spots and centre than in the backcourt, especially if they plan to re-sign restricted free agent Gary Trent Jr., who received a qualifying offer Monday.

With Fred VanVleet, Malachi Flynn, possibly Trent and the great unknown — the future of Kyle Lowry — a backcourt project is probably not at the absolute top of their wish list.

Still, Green is intriguing because his still-raw skills are ripe for development. He’s already an explosive offensive player, but to some scouts his ball-handling is a bit loose, he’s a good shooter rather than a great one, and his footwork on defence needs considerable improvement.

But he’s good, no question, and if he somehow falls to No. 4 and the Raptors have to decide between him and Florida State small forward Scottie Barnes — assuming Cunningham, Mobley and Gonzaga guard Jalen Suggs go 1-2-3 — that would be a fascinating front-office debate to snoop on.

Even Green vs. Suggs would be a tough one to resolve, and underscores a bit of Toronto’s dilemma. Whichever player they like best might not be available when they pick and there’s probably not one who is so desirable that they’d sacrifice assets to move up to get him.

One thing is for sure: In the weird 2020-21 season, with Toronto transplanted to Tampa, the Raptors had a chance to see more of Green in person than maybe any other potential pick. The G League bubble was in Orlando, a short drive away, affording the chance to see him live a handful of times.

He was not dominant as a teenager against grown men, but he didn’t embarrass himself: averaging 18 points a game while shooting 36.5 per cent from three-point range.

SCOTTIE BARNES

After the number of times we’ve heard Nick Nurse say the first major step toward becoming a championship-calibre team is putting in a strong and multi-faceted defensive system, it’s not hard to imagine the Raptors coach stumping hard for Barnes.

The six-foot-nine Florida State forward is seen as perhaps the most NBA-ready option defensively. It’d be foolish not take a long, hard look at him with the fourth selection.

He’s got a seven-foot wingspan and has already shown an ability to guard multiple positions in just one year at university. Put him beside OG Anunoby on an NBA court and all of a sudden space for opponents to operate is at a premium, and Nurse has two interchangeable wings who can guard inside and out.

It’s not like Barnes doesn’t have flaws, but they all seem to be fixable under the right system. He’s not a great shooter, nor is he able to take his man off the dribble with much consistency, and those are premium skills for any NBA player. But he does have some playmaking ability, and the size to get to the rim in the NBA game. He should also be able to bully some smaller wings.

“Being able to have that playmaking IQ on the court, having that vision, makes me so unique on the floor — where I can see different things, see different reads, that naturally other people can’t see,” he said during a media session last week.

Barnes does know what the Raptors can do with talented youngsters.

“Their player development is great,” he said before invoking the names of VanVleet, Pascal Siakam and Chris Boucher. “You see a lot of young players coming to the league and immediately just get better, no matter if they’re a G League player at that time or just NBA players. You just see the player development with so many young guys.”

By all accounts from analysts who follow the draft process closely, the Raptors are almost assured of having a chance to take the teenager, who’ll turn 20 on Aug. 1. If, as expected, Cunningham and Mobley go first and second — or if Green sneaks into the top two — Barnes and Suggs should be in the mix for the Raptors’ pick.

Then it will come down to how much the Raptors are impressed with Barnes’s body of defensive work, and how well they think he’ll develop as a scorer.

Shooting 56 per cent inside the arc during his one college season is impressive, and the ability to extend a player’s shooting range seems to be a Raptors specialty.

JALEN SUGGS

There’s been discussion the last few years about moving the NBA draft to after the free agency period, so teams fully know their needs before making their picks. It hasn’t gained an awful lot of traction, but for the Raptors it would have been the perfect solution to the tricky situation they may face when it comes to Suggs and the No. 4 selection.

If Toronto knew for certain that Lowry was headed elsewhere in free agency, it would be perfectly logical to see Suggs as something of a young replacement. But if there’s a possibility that Lowry will stay — and no one knows for sure, regardless of what’s being written and said — putting Suggs behind both him and VanVleet would mean little immediate return for the Raptors’ highest draft pick since taking Andrea Bargnani first in 2006.

The Lowry conundrum aside, there’s reason for the Raptors to be intrigued by Suggs, the Minnesota sensation who was a blue-chip football prospect as a quarterback before turning his attention solely to basketball. It’s why he chose Gonzaga, a school without a football program.

“I had no distractions,” Suggs told NBA.com. “I didn’t have to walk past the football facility and have it looking at me every day, because I know that if I did I would have taken that left or right into the stadium, and I would have gone in and done something with the football team. But I wouldn’t take anything back. My experience at Gonzaga was second to none. It was amazing and I enjoyed it.”

The 20-year-old has solid size — six-foot-four, about 200 pounds — and showed great defensive instincts that made up for a lack of athletic explosiveness.

He’ll need to improve his shooting: 33.7 per cent from three-point range in college. NBA teams will dare him to beat them from the perimeter, but he’s a good distributor and said to be an efficient shooter off the dribble in the mid-range game.

The Raptors’ needs — at least if they’re looking at adding to the backcourt — might be deeper than that. They could use someone who can get all the way to the rim at the NBA level because that’s a hole in their offence right now, even if Suggs is seen as one of the best passers available.

But until there is some clarity on Lowry’s situation, it can’t be known whether drafting Suggs would be for now or two to three years into the future.

He’s an intriguing prospect, but what kind of team would he be joining, and what role would there be for him?

Read more about: